0x03-shell_variables_expansions/README.md, before:

## This project is about shell, init files, variables and expansions

It contains different projects arranged into directories

> 0-alias - Script to create an alias for the command "rm \*" with a name ls
> 1-hello_you - Script to print 'hello user', user being the current user
> 2-path - Script to add a directory /action to the PATH variable. /action is the last directory shell looks into when looking for a program
> 3-paths - Script that counts the number of directories in the PATH variable
> 4-gloabal_variables - Script that lists environment variables
> 5-local_variables - Script that lists all local variables and environment variables, and functions
> 6-create_local_variable - Script that creates a new local variable
> 7-create_global_variable - Script that creates a global variable
> 8-true_knowledge - Script that prints the result of the addition of a number with the value stored in an environment variable'
> 9-divide_and_rule - Script that prints the result of POWER divided by DIVIDE
> 10-love_exponent_breath - Script that displays the result of BREATH to the power of LOVE
> 11-binary_to_decimal - Script that converts a number from base 2 to base 10
> 12-combinations - Script that prints all possible combinations of two letters, except oo
> 13-print_float - Script that prints a number with two decimal places

Commit message:

Added a line for decimal_to_hexadecimal

0x03-shell_variables_expansions/README.md, after:

## This project is about shell, init files, variables and expansions

It contains different projects arranged into directories

> 0-alias - Script to create an alias for the command "rm \*" with a name ls
> 1-hello_you - Script to print 'hello user', user being the current user
> 2-path - Script to add a directory /action to the PATH variable. /action is the last directory shell looks into when looking for a program
> 3-paths - Script that counts the number of directories in the PATH variable
> 4-gloabal_variables - Script that lists environment variables
> 5-local_variables - Script that lists all local variables and environment variables, and functions
> 6-create_local_variable - Script that creates a new local variable
> 7-create_global_variable - Script that creates a global variable
> 8-true_knowledge - Script that prints the result of the addition of a number with the value stored in an environment variable'
> 9-divide_and_rule - Script that prints the result of POWER divided by DIVIDE
> 10-love_exponent_breath - Script that displays the result of BREATH to the power of LOVE
> 11-binary_to_decimal - Script that converts a number from base 2 to base 10
> 12-combinations - Script that prints all possible combinations of two letters, except oo
> 13-print_float - Script that prints a number with two decimal places
> 100-decimal_to_hexadecimal - Script that converts a number from base 10 to base 16
>
