0x01-shell_permissions/README.md, before:

## File permissions bash scripts
> -iam_betty - Script switches current user to the user betty
> 1-who_am_i - Script prints the effective username of the current user
> 2-groups - Script prints all groups the current user is part of
> 3-new_owner - Script changes the owner of file hello to betty
> 4-empty - Script creates a new empty file called hello
> 5-execute - Script adds execute permission to the owner of the file hello
> 6-multiple_permissions - Script adds execute permission to the owner and group owner, and read permission to other users to the file hello
> 7-everybody - Script adds execute permission to owner, group, others for hello
> 8-James_Bond - Script removes all permissions for owner, group but adds all permissions for other users
> 9-John_Doe - Script add permission -rwxr-x-wx to hello
> 10-mirror_permissions - Script copies permission from one file to another file
> 11-directories_permissions - Script adds execute permission to all subdirectories of the current directory for owner and all other users
>

Commit message:

Added line for directory_permission

0x01-shell_permissions/README.md, after:

## File permissions bash scripts
> -iam_betty - Script switches current user to the user betty
> 1-who_am_i - Script prints the effective username of the current user
> 2-groups - Script prints all groups the current user is part of
> 3-new_owner - Script changes the owner of file hello to betty
> 4-empty - Script creates a new empty file called hello
> 5-execute - Script adds execute permission to the owner of the file hello
> 6-multiple_permissions - Script adds execute permission to the owner and group owner, and read permission to other users to the file hello
> 7-everybody - Script adds execute permission to owner, group, others for hello
> 8-James_Bond - Script removes all permissions for owner, group but adds all permissions for other users
> 9-John_Doe - Script add permission -rwxr-x-wx to hello
> 10-mirror_permissions - Script copies permission from one file to another file
> 11-directories_permissions - Script adds execute permission to all subdirectories of the current directory for owner and all other users
> 12-directory_permissions - Script creates a new directory in working directory with mode 751
>
